Just so I remember what's going on (a sort of theory of operation):

NOTE: Absolutely no effort was used to make this project have either
optimum performance or be miserly with memory. In fact, it is probably
as bad as it could be. But so what?

When a file is opened for read or read/write, it is read in its
entirety into a malloc()'d buffer. The lseek() function just positions
an index into the buffer. If the file is extended beyond the size of
the buffer, the buffer is realloc()'d as necessary. When a file opened
for read is closed, the buffer is simply free()'d. When a file is opened
for write or read+write then subsequently closed, it is written back to
disk (may need a new or altered set of retrieval pointers) along with
its file header, the freemap.sys (if changed) and index.sys (if changed).
The buffer and its associated inode are simply free()'d.

At mount time the 3 home blocks are found and read and compared. One good
copy is maintained in MgwfsSuper_t ptr->homeBlock. index.sys file is read.
Pointers to which can be found in the home block. All file headers (FH's)
are read into a malloc()'d buffer (MgwfsSuper_t ptr->indexSys)

Things that need be done to affect a file write:
- Record the instance of inode that changed.
- Alter the contents of the inode's file header as appropriate.
- Verify the file will fit within the existing retrieval pointers (RP's)
  and if not, free the existing RP's and allocate new ones.
- Walk the list of changed inodes and write the file headers (FH) for
  each using the saved FH lba pointers.
- Write the file contents according to the RP's.
- If the file changed the contents of the index file,
  write the contents of the index.sys file.
- If the freemap changed as a result of any RP changes, record
  the instance of the freemap inode change (rinse and repeat).

Directories are unpacked into memory at mount time. This provides
filenames for each and the name is stored in the inode. Changes to directories
are only allowed if mounted read/write. An inplace rename simply replaces
the filename with the new one and the directory inode is marked dirty.
A rename to a different directory resets the links as well as changes
and both the old and new directories are marked dirty. New file creation
grabs an unused inode, saves the filename, sets the directory links as
appropriate and marks the new inode and the parent directory inodes dirty.
Subsequent writes to the newly created file just put data into a malloc'd
buffer. When the file is closed, an appropriate number of RP's are created,
the buffer is copied to disk and the inode is marked dirty so the file's
file header is written to disk too.


